chore: add e2e and docs for env file (#3159)
aws/copilot-cli: site/content/docs/include/envvars.en.md

<a id="variables" href="#variables" class="field">`variables`</a> <span class="type">Map</span>  
Key-value pairs that represent environment variables that will be passed to your service. Copilot will include a number of environment variables by default for you.

<div class="separator"></div>

<a id="env_file" href="#env_file" class="field">`env_file`</a> <span class="type">String</span>  

> The location of a file in your workspace containing the environment variables to pass to the main container. For more information about the environment variable file, see [Considerations for specifying environment variable files](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonECS/latest/developerguide/taskdef-envfiles.html#taskdef-envfiles-considerations).

Reviewer: or maybe
```suggestion
The path to a file in your workspace containing the environment variables to pass to the main container. For more information about the environment variable file, see [Considerations for specifying environment variable files](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonECS/latest/developerguide/taskdef-envfiles.html#taskdef-envfiles-considerations).
```
???

> The location of a file in your workspace containing the environment variables to pass to the main container. For more information about the environment variable file, see [Considerations for specifying environment variable files](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonECS/latest/developerguide/taskdef-envfiles.html#taskdef-envfiles-considerations).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The location of a file from the root of your workspace containing the environment variables to pass to the main container. For more information about the environment variable file, see [Considerations for specifying environment variable files](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonECS/latest/developerguide/taskdef-envfiles.html#taskdef-envfiles-considerations).
```
